_pages/why.md, before:

---
title: Our Why - Optima Football Academy - Educating the next generation
permalink: /our-why/
excerpt: >-
  We wish to give something back to this amazing game by designing a new club model in a more sustainable way.
header:
  image: https://www.optimafootball.com/____impro/1/onewebmedia/Optima%20logo%202.png?etag=%221503b-5e13a968%22&sourceContentType=image%2Fpng&quality=85
  #image: /assets/images/md-speaks.jpg
author_profile: true
---
We wish to give something back to this amazing game by designing a new club model in a more sustainable way.

Football can do so much better and we feel obligated to try to help making a difference. Our passion is to share knowledge and experience with the aim to help clubs making better decisions over time.

***

Optima Football Consulting is a company helping professional football clubs develop in a sustainable way with strategic planning.

In latin, optima means the best obtainable result or in other words - fullfil a potential.

Successful companies like Apple or Carlsberg have long-term strategies to fulfill their succession planning. And they have core staff staying in their jobs for many years to maintain the strategy and continuity. This is one of the major keys to succeed in the long run.

A professional football club needs to implement sustainable strategies if it wants to be a serious competitor again - and again - and again.

Not only to keep winning matches and maintaining the ideal position (achieve the potential) for the club, but also to stop wasting money by sacking coaches and staff - and changing numerous players in the squad every season.

Our concept & model build club strategies and makes the road to long-lasting success transparent and obtainable for the entire club.

Commit message:

Removed welcome to optima football with deprecated info

_pages/why.md, after:

---
title: Our Why - Optima Football Academy - Educating the next generation
permalink: /our-why/
excerpt: >-
  We wish to give something back to this amazing game by designing a new club model in a more sustainable way.
header:
  image: https://www.optimafootball.com/____impro/1/onewebmedia/Optima%20logo%202.png?etag=%221503b-5e13a968%22&sourceContentType=image%2Fpng&quality=85
  #image: /assets/images/md-speaks.jpg
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /daily-life/welcome-to-optima-football/
---
We wish to give something back to this amazing game by designing a new club model in a more sustainable way.

Football can do so much better and we feel obligated to try to help making a difference. Our passion is to share knowledge and experience with the aim to help clubs making better decisions over time.

***

Optima Football Consulting is a company helping professional football clubs develop in a sustainable way with strategic planning.

In latin, optima means the best obtainable result or in other words - fullfil a potential.

Successful companies like Apple or Carlsberg have long-term strategies to fulfill their succession planning. And they have core staff staying in their jobs for many years to maintain the strategy and continuity. This is one of the major keys to succeed in the long run.

A professional football club needs to implement sustainable strategies if it wants to be a serious competitor again - and again - and again.

Not only to keep winning matches and maintaining the ideal position (achieve the potential) for the club, but also to stop wasting money by sacking coaches and staff - and changing numerous players in the squad every season.

Our concept & model build club strategies and makes the road to long-lasting success transparent and obtainable for the entire club.
